Clarify domain guid (#513)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Set-SPOTenantSyncClientRestriction.md

### -DomainGuids

> Sets the [domain GUID](/powershell/module/activedirectory/get-addomain) of the computer domain membership to add to the safe recipient list. Requires a minimum of 1 domain GUID. The maximum number of domain GUIDs allowed are 125.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the [domain GUID](/powershell/module/activedirectory/get-addomain) of the computer domain membership to add to the safe recipient list. Requires a minimum of one domain GUID. The maximum number of domain GUIDs allowed is 125.
```
